No more support for latest version of React.js

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/72029189/does-enzyme-support-react-version-18

Jest: is the test runner and framework that executes our tests and providers helper functions for assertions.

Enzyme: is a test helper library that enables us to render React components on a virtual DOM and provides method
to inspect the DOM tree for specific components and their properties. Think of JQuery but for React components for testing.

enzyme-adapter-react-16: is an adapter between React and Enzyme. This will be executed before running the tests.
@types/jest is types library that provides typing and intellisence for global jest keywords such as describe and it in our test file. This makes type safety more robust for type files and provides better IDE support for
test files.


Why Unit Testing in React.js?

Ensure Component Reliability: Unit testing allows developers to test individual components to ensure they work as expected.
This is especially crucial in React, where UI components are the building blocks of applications.
Facilitate Refactoring: With reliable tests in place, developers can confidently refactor code,
knowing that if they break something, tests will catch it.
Prevent Regression: Unit tests help catch bugs introduced by new changes, 
reducing the likelihood of regressions in existing functionality.
Improve Code Quality: Writing tests forces developers to think through different scenarios, 
edge cases, and component interactions, leading to better code design and higher-quality applications.
2. Overview of Unit Testing Tools

Enzyme: A popular testing utility for React that allows for shallow, mount, and render testing of React components. It’s particularly useful for testing component trees and simulating interactions like clicks, form submissions, etc.

Jest: A JavaScript testing framework maintained by Facebook. Jest is widely used in React projects due 
to its out-of-the-box features like zero configuration, snapshot testing, and coverage reporting.
It works seamlessly with Enzyme for component testing.

First, ensure you have Node.js and npm installed. Then, run the following commands to install Jest and Enzyme:

1- npm install --save-dev jest enzyme enzyme-adapter-react-16 --f
OR npm install --save-dev jest @testing-library/react @testing-library/jest-dom @wojtekmaj/enzyme-adapter-react-17 enzyme --f
2- Configure Enzyme: Create a setup file for Enzyme (e.g., setupTests.js) in the root of your project or in src/ directory.
3- Update package.json:
                "scripts": {
                "test": "jest"
                },
                "jest": {
                "setupFilesAfterEnv": ["<rootDir>/setupTests.js"]
                }
4- Write some tests and then test by typing npm test in terminal.


we going to user React Testing Library for our unit tests

npm install --save-dev @testing-library/react @testing-library/jest-dom
